So on a weekend, I'm involved in a rugby club
and the boys are brilliant.
They didn't know I was autistic,
however, the captain did let me say anything
because he's a manager for, not residential,
oh, what do they call it?
Supported living.
For adults with autism, disabilities,
I knew I was autistic right away.
And I didn't know this until about two years ago
and I'd been in the club now five years.
And the boys said,
oh, Griff did know you was autistic
until like two, three years through.
I'm like, oh, right, well, I can.
They said, because Ice was captain,
they called him Ice because he's a massive love of Ice cubes,
that's why they called him Ice.
Yeah, it's really weird.
And they said, boys, go easy on Griff.
It might take some banter, but he's autistic
and just don't take the mic or nothing.
And they're like, oh, right, okay.
So they didn't know nothing about autism.
So Ulfine, my best mate,
came up to me and he said,
Griff, what is autism then?
So what I'd done, I'd print off a four sheet of the spectrum
and I kind of broke it down for him.
And he said, you know so much about it.
I said, well, I made a joke,
I said, well, because it is that I've got it like,
you know, he said, oh, he said, you would never guess that.
I said, well, have I got to look autistic then?
And I still get that stigma now.
And he said, society shouldn't be like that.
We shouldn't be thinking, oh, is that person autistic?
Isn't that person autistic?
Does that person look like he's got a disability?
He said, it shouldn't be like that.
There shouldn't be no barriers, there shouldn't be no stigma.
It should all be who we want to be
and live life like it is.